Add Volume Management (#204)
harvester/docs: docs/volume/volume-snapshots.md

---
sidebar_position: 5
sidebar_label: Volume Snapshots
title: ""
keywords:
- Volume Snapshot
- Volume Snapshots
Description: Take a snapshot for a volume from the Volume page.
---

# Volume Snapshots

## Create Volume Snapshots

> 

Reviewer: may add a note that a recurring snapshot is currently not supported and is tracked via https://github.com/harvester/harvester/issues/572

Author: Added

After creating a volume, you can create volume snapshots by the following steps:

> 1. Clicking the `⋮` button and selecting the `Take Snapshot` button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Click the `⋮` button and select the `Take Snapshot` option.
```

1. Configure the `Name` of the new image and click `Create`.

![create-volume-snapshot-1](/img/v1.1/volume/create-volume-snapshot-1.png)
![create-volume-snapshot-2](/img/v1.1/volume/create-volume-snapshot-2.png)

## Restore a New Volume using Volume Snapshot

After creating a volume snapshot, you can restore a new volume using the volume snapshot by the following steps:

1. Go to the `Backup & Snapshot > Volume Snapshots` page or the `Snapshots` tab in each `Volumes` Detail page.

> 1. Clicking the `⋮` button and selecting the `Restore` button.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. Click the `⋮` button and select the `Restore` option.
```

1. Specify the `Name` of the new Volume.

> 1. If the source volume is not a image volume, you can also select a different `Storage Class`

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
1. If the source volume is not an image volume, you can also select a different `Storage Class`
```
